Update installing-java.md (#679)
PrismLauncher/prismlauncher.org: src/wiki/getting-started/installing-java.md

### Flatpak

> The Prism Launcher Flatpak already bundles Java. You must manually download java binaries in Settings > Java > Management tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Prism Launcher Flatpak will download java automatically using the inbuilt java downloader. Using external java is possible but is highly not recommended.
```

> The Prism Launcher Flatpak already bundles Java. You must manually download java binaries in Settings > Java > Management tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Prism Launcher Flatpak will download java automatically using the inbuilt java downloader. Using external java is possible but is highly not recommended.
```
